README.md, before:

# mercurius
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/novatrixtech/mercurius?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/novatrixtech/mercurius)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20License%202.0-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Mercurius gives you speed to create new 'Go' applications. It let you more focused on your business than in your backend.
<br/><br/>
Get a web application template for Golang that includes: Internationalization, Routers, Logging, Cache, Database, Jade Template Render Engine, JWT, oAuth 2.0. Built on top of Macaron, all items are configured and ready to use.

# Getting Started

```go get -v github.com/novatrixtech/mercurius/...```

```go install github.com/novatrixtech/mercurius```

```mercurius new```

# Structure of a Project
```
/conf 
Application configuration including environment-specific configs

/conf/app
Middlewares and routes configuration

/handler
HTTP handlers

/locale
Language specific content bundles

/lib
Common libraries to be used across your app

/model
Models

/public
Web resources that are publicly available

/public/templates
Jade templates or Native templates

/repository
Database comunication following repository pattern

main.go
Application entry
```

# Creating routes
Setup all your routes inside the `SetupRoutes` func in `conf/app/app.go`
```go
func SetupRoutes(app *macaron.Macaron) {
	app.Group("", func() {
		app.Get("/", handler.ListAccessPage)
	}, auth.LoginRequired)
	app.Get("/login", handler.LoginPage)
	app.Post("/login", binding.BindIgnErr(model.Login), handler.BasicAuth)
	})

}
```

# Creating handlers for the routers
Put all handler files inside the handler folder

- **Handle raw text**
```go
func Hello() string {
        return "Hello"
}
```

- **Handle JSON**
```go
import (
        "net/http"
        "{{.AppPath}}/lib/context"
)

func User(ctx *context.Context) {
	//user is the struct you want to return
        ctx.JSON(http.StatusOk, user)
}
```

- **Handle XML**
```go
import (
        "net/http"
        "{{.AppPath}}/lib/context"
)

func User(ctx *context.Context) {
	//user is the struct you want to return
        ctx.XML(http.StatusOk, user)
}
```

- **Handle Jade HTML Template Engine**

The extension of the templates must be `.jade`. Put the jade files inside public/templates folder
```go
import (
        "net/http"
        "{{.AppPath}}/lib/context"
)

func User(ctx *context.Context) {
	//edit is the page name you want to render
        ctx.HTML(http.StatusOk, "edit")
}
```

- **Handle Go HTML Template Engine**

The extension of the templates must be `.tmpl or .html`. Put the Go template files inside public/templates folder
```go
import (
        "net/http"
        "{{.AppPath}}/lib/context"
)

func User(ctx *context.Context) {
	//edit is the page name you want to render
        ctx.NativeHTML(http.StatusOk, "edit")
}
```

Commit message:

Indicates to the users that Mercurius must be called from GOPATH dir

README.md, after:

# mercurius
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/novatrixtech/mercurius?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/novatrixtech/mercurius)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20License%202.0-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Mercurius gives you speed to create new 'Go' applications. It let you more focused on your business than in your backend.
<br/><br/>
Get a web application template for Golang that includes: Internationalization, Routers, Logging, Cache, Database, Jade Template Render Engine, JWT, oAuth 2.0. Built on top of Macaron, all items are configured and ready to use.

# Getting Started

```go get -v github.com/novatrixtech/mercurius/...```

```go install github.com/novatrixtech/mercurius```

```cd $GOPATH``` or for Windows users ```cd %GOPATH%``` Mercurius must be called from developer's GOPATH dir

```mercurius new```

# Structure of a Project
```
/conf 
Application configuration including environment-specific configs

/conf/app
Middlewares and routes configuration

/handler
HTTP handlers

/locale
Language specific content bundles

/lib
Common libraries to be used across your app

/model
Models

/public
Web resources that are publicly available

/public/templates
Jade templates or Native templates

/repository
Database comunication following repository pattern

main.go
Application entry
```

# Creating routes
Setup all your routes inside the `SetupRoutes` func in `conf/app/app.go`
```go
func SetupRoutes(app *macaron.Macaron) {
	app.Group("", func() {
		app.Get("/", handler.ListAccessPage)
	}, auth.LoginRequired)
	app.Get("/login", handler.LoginPage)
	app.Post("/login", binding.BindIgnErr(model.Login), handler.BasicAuth)
	})

}
```

# Creating handlers for the routers
Put all handler files inside the handler folder

- **Handle raw text**
```go
func Hello() string {
        return "Hello"
}
```

- **Handle JSON**
```go
import (
        "net/http"
        "{{.AppPath}}/lib/context"
)

func User(ctx *context.Context) {
	//user is the struct you want to return
        ctx.JSON(http.StatusOk, user)
}
```

- **Handle XML**
```go
import (
        "net/http"
        "{{.AppPath}}/lib/context"
)

func User(ctx *context.Context) {
	//user is the struct you want to return
        ctx.XML(http.StatusOk, user)
}
```

- **Handle Jade HTML Template Engine**

The extension of the templates must be `.jade`. Put the jade files inside public/templates folder
```go
import (
        "net/http"
        "{{.AppPath}}/lib/context"
)

func User(ctx *context.Context) {
	//edit is the page name you want to render
        ctx.HTML(http.StatusOk, "edit")
}
```

- **Handle Go HTML Template Engine**

The extension of the templates must be `.tmpl or .html`. Put the Go template files inside public/templates folder
```go
import (
        "net/http"
        "{{.AppPath}}/lib/context"
)

func User(ctx *context.Context) {
	//edit is the page name you want to render
        ctx.NativeHTML(http.StatusOk, "edit")
}
```
